---
title: 'ESSENTIAL GEAR : Snugpak Jungle Bag'
url: https://packerdotcom.blogspot.com/2021/04/essential-gear-snugpak-jungle-bag.html
date: '2021-04-14'
author: Packer.com (noreply@blogger.com)
feed_url: https://packerdotcom.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default
---
Another go-to when traveling to any destination is the Jungle Bag from Snugpak. Almost fits in your pocket yet its a solid sleeping bag with a 55 degree rating, insect netting and did I mention that it compresses down and fits in the palm of your hand? You can accessorize the bag with an additional insulation layer from Sea to Summit which can add an additional 10 to 15 degrees of rating to the bag (highly recommended). A great deal with a low cost - $79 direct and on Amazon. We have bags with more loft (and a higher price tag) but the Jungle Bag gets the most use. DESCRIPTION: The Jungle Bag is an ideal sleeping bag for tropical conditions. Snugpak® engineered the Jungle Bag with Travelsoftâ„¢ Insulation that allows the Jungle Bag to pack smaller than a coconut. With its square foot design it can be opened out into a blanket or you can zip the Right and Left side zip bags together to make one big bag. Another unique feature of the Jungle Bag is its concealed roll away mosquito netting which can be zipped over the face sealing the Jungle Bag giving you protection against mosquitoes, snakes, etc. made with Travelsoftâ„¢ Insulation, selected and chosen for its exceptional performance in hot and humid conditions. In addition, there is an antibacterial and antimicrobial treatment that discourages the growth of bacteria. This results in a reduction of odors and the need for regular laundering, ideal for prolonged tropical travel where temperatures may be high and facilities limited. The Paratexâ„¢ base fabrics wicking properties and high breathability remain unaffected by the bacteria busting treatments. FEATURES: Built-in Roll Away Mosquito Net Pocket on the inside of the bag Lightweight / Compact / Durable Paratex™ Antibacterial Technology Left side and Right Side zip bags can be zipped together to make one large sleeping bag for two Comes with compression stuff sack
